Phasor End User License Agreement EULA Version 1.2

IMPORTANT READ CAREFULLY
This is a legal agreement between you the user and Daniel McGuire.

This agreement applies only to official precompiled binary distributions of the Phasor Programming Language.

This agreement does not apply to builds compiled from source. This includes but is not limited to nightly builds or continuous integration releases generated through GitHub Actions Azure DevOps or similar services.

This agreement does not apply to Phasor coreutils ("pcoreutils") or the Phasor Shell ("phash").

1. License Grant

   Subject to compliance with this agreement you are granted a non transferable license to install and use the Phasor Toolchain on your devices for personal or commercial use. This license does not grant any rights to modify reverse engineer redistribute or create derivative works from the Phasor binary distribution.

2. Restrictions

You may not
a Redistribute any portion of the Phasor Toolchain without prior written approval from Daniel McGuire
b Modify the Phasor Toolchain except for personal, non-commercial experimentation
c Use the Toolchain source code or assets to create competing programming languages virtual machines or standard libraries
d Use modifications provided or generated by users derived from the Phasor Programming Language source code
e Reverse engineer the Toolchain binaries in any form
f Create derivative works or binary level modifications including "injections" or "hooks" unless explicitly permitted in writing

You may
a Modify or extend applications or libraries compiled against the Phasor Native Runtime
b Use Phasor source code as a programming reference in commercial environments
c License Phasor Native Applications under any license of your choosing

3. Termination

   This license remains in effect until terminated. Any violation of this agreement automatically terminates all rights granted to you.

4. Disclaimer

   Phasor is provided as is without warranty of any kind either express or implied. The author is not responsible for any damage loss or liability arising from the use of Phasor.

By installing or using Phasor you acknowledge that you have read understood and agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
